Welcome to my Atlassian Crowd Django Backend and SSO Middleware
===============================================================

During my last project at work I created a small proof of concept django app enriching static HTML with comments. This is not hard as you can imagine but in a corporate environment you need to connect to the user repository containing all your customer & staff logins. That was Atlassian Crowd.

Crowd Authentication Backend
============================

The first step was to create a very simple integration just by sending an authentication request, creating a django user and so on. Easy said easy done. Go ahead and add

    AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS = ('crowd.backend.CrowdBackend',)

    AUTH_CROWD_STAFF_GROUP = 'staff'
    AUTH_CROWD_SUPERUSER_GROUP = 'superuser'
    AUTH_CROWD_APPLICATION_USER = 'django'
    AUTH_CROWD_APPLICATION_PASSWORD = 'django'
    AUTH_CROWD_SERVER_URI = 'http://127.0.0.1:8095/crowd/services/SecurityServer?wsdl'
to your settings.py

Crowd Single Sign On Middleware
===============================

The middleware intercepts the crowd.auth_token cookie (SSO cookie) and creates a crowd user on the fly. SSO works both ways: Creating the token AND consuming the token. Logout invalidates the Crowd Token and logs out from all crowd applications in the SSO domain.

Add 'crowd.middleware.CrowdSSOAuthenticationMiddleware', to your MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES after the AuthenticationMiddleware.

Known Issues
============

1. If a token expires something will happen and I don't know what!
2. Errorhandling is absent!

Installation
============

Clone the repository and execute sudo python setup.py install. At least this is what I do and I don't know much python and django.

You will need to install the following python modules:

*  suds

Problems?
=========

Just send me a message. Let's see if I can help.

License
=======

Use this code as you want. Consider it free. Say thank you. Don't blame me if it doesn't work for you.
